[update] Decompression (#960)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/compression/decompress-chunks.md

### Decompress individual chunks
To decompress a single chunk by name, run this command:
```sql
SELECT decompress_chunk('_timescaledb_internal.<chunk_name>');
```

>     where: *<chunk_name>* is the name of the chunk that you want to decompress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, `chunk_name` is the name of the chunk that you want to decompress.
```
